Dude! Yes!
Perfect bro!
Absolutely! I'll definitely bring the kettle cord!
Yeah! Of course! Of course! Can't wait to see you.
I'll talk to your later. Love you Pops
That was your dad?
Yeah! He was just confirming some plans for dinner.
My whole family's in town for the holidays so
just kind of making it a big deal
That's cool
It just kind of sounded like you were talking to a friend
My dad is my friend
He's my best friend
Isn't your dad your best friend?
Yeah um...sure
I..I mean we just really don't communicate it that way
I think Asian people we're not as open and casual
when we talk about our emotions, like.... you are
So your parents don't say what they really feel?
No
They don't say "I love you"?
HA!.....No.....
When you told your dad you were visiting home, what did he say?
But what do you think he REALLY meant?
See?
That's nice!
Yeah...I guess?
What about when you were growing up?
That's really interesting
Why do you think they don't say what they feel?
I don't know. Maybe they're just not really use to it?
Maybe they didn't hear much when they were growing up?
They can hear it now...right?
Zhe Xiang come help me with the groceries
Hey ma
The grocery store was so busy today!
But I got everything to make your favourite dishes
Did you eat yet?
I love you too mom
I love you
Awww!
Hi Mrs Wang
Oh hi Jack-e
His name's Jake ma. The e's silent I've been telling you this since middle school
Sorry Jack
We're at State College, Pennsylvania on our way to
Heather's place
I'm going to deliver food to Christina
she lives in Martinez
Alright I'm in the sunset district on San Francisco looking for Lisa
Here in Las Vegas
Jie
- What?
- I love you too
Are you being dared to call us?
- Jie! I've just been...
- Why are you....
We were just talking and we just realise we never tell our siblings we love them